hi I'm Justin you headphones editor for
cnet.com this is your first look at the
Ultimate Ears 700 noise-isolating
headphones so the first version of the
700 earned such reverence in the
audiophile community that logitech
decided to keep the guts intact so
there's two drivers in each ear bud to
accent high and mid-level frequencies
and those also deliver a very natural
bass sound that should compliment your
music no matter what the genre the first
thing you'll notice about these
headphones though is how incredibly
lightweight they are there's no heavy
remote on the wire to weigh them down
and the small housing modules let you
wear them at work for long periods of
time without any discomfort in fact I
wore them for about seven hours a day
straight for a week and never really
notice any kind of ear fatigue so the
small size of the housing is also a boon
for noise isolation because that means
you can jam them way down into your ear
don't go crazy but the tight seal is
important for blocking out as much
ambient noise as possible and Ultimate
Ears gives you five sizes of silicone
eartips and two sizes of foam tips to
choose from you also get a hard travel
case to protect your investment for 150
bucks that 700s are one of the cheapest
audiophile worthy headphones on the
market it's right up there with the
Eclipse s4 series as my go-to headphones
for smartphones and the dual armature
drivers inside really opens up a wider
frequency of sound so that means your
music will be fuller with accentuating
details now audio files prefer a more
natural sound design / brands like
monster that artificially boost the base
so very attentive listeners will be
really happy with the 700s you can read
more in the review on cnet com but if
you're shopping for a headphone upgrade
from the stock buds that came with your
smartphone these guys definitely won't
disappoint I'm Justin you you just took
a first look at the Ultimate Ears 700
headphones and that sounds good to me